samples: bluetooth: mesh: dfu: Add DFU srv shell cmds for cancelling dfu (#11612)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Fixed an issue with the sample not fitting into RAM size on the nrf52dk_nrf52832 board.

* :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_target` sample:

>   * Enabled Firmware Update Server shell commands to let a user cancel DFU on the target node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enabled Firmware Update Server shell commands allowing users to cancel DFU on the Target node.
```
